graduate HPAContainerMetrics to stable (#45204)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/hpa-container-metrics.md

  - stage: beta
    defaultValue: true
    fromVersion: "1.27"
    toVersion: "1.29"
  - stage: stable
    defaultValue: true
    fromVersion: "1.30"
---

> Enable the `HorizontalPodAutoscaler` to scale based on
> metrics from individual containers in target pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow {{< glossary_tooltip text="HorizontalPodAutoscalers" term_id="horizontal-pod-autoscaler" >}}
to scale based on metrics from individual containers within target pods.
```
